This is a very simple FAQ bot. Ask questions about Banana Crystal.
Banana Crystal is a premium P2P trading platform that allows global transaction of usd using any curreny. BananaCrystal provides an online platform to securely connect buyers and sellers so they can securely with escrow buy and sell USD with their local currency.
Peer-to-peer (P2P) trades is an exchange of currencies between two independent parties without an intermediary. Peer-to-peer (P2P) trading is a way of buying and selling currencies where parties buy and sell USD directly with each other on BananaCrystal.
Banana Crystal acts as the middle man, the trading center for your P2P transaction. We connect both the buyers and seller together and create a direct interaction platfrom where the buying and selling takes place.
In order to perform your P2P transactions as well as other transactions, a user must be registered and verified. The seller contacts the buyer through the app and creates an offer, when both parties agree to the offer, the selller releases his usd to BananaCrystal and waits for the buyer to complete sending the agreed price to the seller prefered account, (this can be cash app, gift cards ir directly to bank account). After the seller confirms the payment from the buyer, a confirmation notice is sent to BananaCrystal to release the usd to the buyer.
To add funds to an account on BananaCrystal, you login to the website and access your account, under the payment menu, select add funds, here you choose from the option that best suits your need and complete the payment process. Avaliable options are: Bank Cards, Credit Cards (Visa and MasterCard), Apple Pay, Google Pay, Bank Transfers for adding fundsACH (US), SEPA (EU), and Wire for withdrawing funds
To verify your account, you visit the website then login into your account. From the menu, Select My Account, under the drop down, select verificatiion and complete the verificatiion process. This process is important as it allows BananaCrystal authenticate your account
BananaCrystal makes every effort to comply with know our customers (KYC) and with international anti-money laundering (AML) regulations. Specific documents and information are required in order to verify your account and/or by BananaCrystal's bank partners for funding with fiat currencies. This verification process is the same process used by banks and required by law to fight against financial crime and money laundering. It is also known as the Know Your Customer or KYC check. BananaCrystal uses a trusted third party provider to perform your identity verification instantly and securely.